DOCS-5434 asset limits (#65)
mulesoft/docs-exchange: modules/ROOT/pages/to-delete-asset.adoc

include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> You can delete an asset in the first 7 days of its creation and reuse the asset's same name, group, asset ID, and version. A delete within the first 7 days is known as a _hard delete_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can delete an asset in the first seven days of its creation and reuse that asset's name, group, asset ID, and version. A delete within the first seven days is known as a _hard delete_.
```

> If you delete the asset after 7 days, you can't reuse the same name, business group name, account ID, and version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you delete the asset after seven days, you can't reuse its name, business group name, account ID, and version.
```

> A delete after 7 days is known as a _soft delete_. After 7 days if you want to reuse the asset name,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A delete after seven days is known as a _soft delete_. After seven days, if you want to reuse the asset name,
```
